
# PrPr

This repository contains a Python script designed to scrape data from the [Policija website](https://www.policija.si/apps/nfl_response_web/seznam.php) and convert chemical names to SMILES and InChI using the [OPSIN API](https://opsin.ch.cam.ac.uk/).

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Project Structure](#project-structure)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Installation

### Windows
1. Open your terminal (cmd).
2. Install the required packages:
   ```sh
   pip install requests
   pip install bs4
   pip install rdkit
   ```
   Alternatively, for RDKit:
   ```sh
   conda install -c conda-forge rdkit
   ```

### Linux and MacOS
1. Open your terminal.
2. Install the required packages:
   ```sh
   pip install requests bs4 rdkit
   ```
   Alternatively, for RDKit:
   ```sh
   conda install -c conda-forge rdkit
   ```

## Usage

To run the scraper, execute the following command in your terminal:
```sh
python main.py
```
This will start the data extraction process and save the results to `Tim_Jonas_Policija.json`.

## Project Structure

- **main.py**: The main script to run the web scraper.
- **scraper.log**: Log file to track the scraping process and any errors encountered.
- **JSONS/**: Directory containing example JSON files.
- **SearchEngine/**: Directory for search engine related files.
- **TrialAndError/**: Directory for trial and error scripts and tests.
- **Programmierprojekt_SS2024_Schildgen.pdf**: Project documentation in PDF format.
- **Tim_Jonas_Policija.json**: Output file generated by the scraper.
- **tempCodeRunnerFile.py**: Temporary code runner file.

## Contributing

1. Fork the repository.
2. Create a new branch (`git checkout -b feature-branch`).
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add new feature'`).
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature-branch`).
5. Create a new Pull Request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the [LICENSE](LICENSE) file for details.
